I'm lucky if destination is within a 1/2 mile of actual location.
Engine light.  Eventually (two visits) to a battery issue.  Replaced the battery and all good.
Freon leak. Dealer put in dye to locate leak. 1 month ago

Dealer could not duplicate.

Mass air flow sensor replaced
Rattling noise when open
squeaky when slow stopping...more when cold
(Copied from INT97): Plastic casing that connects rearview mirror to window and encases wiring falls off if the car hits a large bump in the road
frequently does not recognize my verbal commands so I stopped using voice recognition
air temp suddenly became noticeably warmer with AC on
musty smell sometimes
Dealer states that nothing is wrong, but essentially the nature of the DC transmission...
BMW replaced the battery for free
wear through of paint on the driver door handle
tire sidewall bubble reported during a routine maintenance
piping on the edge of the head restraint is showing wear
Many small paint chips on hood and front bumper - a lot for a car with only 30,000 miles on it.
I am not sure exactly where the rattle is occurring, but in the vicinity of the glovebox and probably not in the door.
Run Flats lose a little air with wide temperature range,  Hot to cold.
The computer keeps displaying failure of the electronic Engine Start - Insert an remove key.
I simply gave up using the navigation and muse my iPhone for navi.
Again, not one of the cars best features.
This is my third BMW with Navigation and it still sucks.  My 2015 Mercedes system works much better.
It doesn't stay in place. I have to straighten it out to make it smooth and straight.
Should be easier to use without so many steps
(Copied from EXT97): Bumper got stretched
(Copied from AEN97): Prgramable memory of stations wiped clean every few weeks.
Air smells musty after using ac. Would appear be some type of filter, just do not know and service dept could not pin point and not part of normal maintenace.
(Copied from ENGTRN97): An engine fan malfunctioned, causing the engine to overheat. I had the car towed to the dealership. They replaced the fan for free. No problems since.
on highway driving - hear noise and wind while driving
(Copied from DEXP97): light indicates that tires need to be filled with air
Trunk cargo partition would not release properly to allow the convertible top to go down
The paint peeled off the bumber.


All shoes that brush up against the bottom of the inside of the door, leave a scuff mark.
Battery died this summer. Had to jump start it 2 times and then got a new battery at the dealership.
Manual exterior opening frequently will not release necessitating use of key fob which also occasionally fails to release without repeated engagement
Steps too confusing
Doesn't recognize voice commands. Ford sync system FAR superior!
Driving to Florida sun in Windows minimal cool air through vents

(Copied from INT97): Seats scuffing
